Update docs for UBB (#9830)
Microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/copilot/chat/copilot-chat.md

* Access to [GitHub Copilot](/docs/copilot/setup.md). If you don't have a subscription, you can use Copilot for free by signing up for the [Copilot Free plan](https://github.com/github-copilot/signup).

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > **Starting April 20, 2026**, new sign-ups for Copilot Pro, Copilot Pro+, and student plans are temporarily paused. Additionally, we are tightening weekly usage limits. See [GitHub Copilot usage limits](https://docs.github.com/copilot/concepts/usage-limits).

Reviewer: Upgrades will be unblocked June 1 for existing users in case we want to call that out but new sign ups are still disabled. They also plan to remove the weekly limits. 

```suggestion
> **Starting April 20, 2026**, new sign-ups for Copilot Pro, Copilot Pro+, Max, and Student plans are temporarily paused. 
```

Author: @copilot Update other occurrences of this text and apply the same update.

Author: @copilot Update other occurrences of this text and apply the same update.

* Access to [GitHub Copilot](/docs/copilot/setup.md). If you don't have a subscription, you can use Copilot for free by signing up for the [Copilot Free plan](https://github.com/github-copilot/signup).

    > [!IMPORTANT]

>     > **Starting April 20, 2026**, new sign-ups for Copilot Pro, Copilot Pro+, and student plans are temporarily paused. Additionally, we are tightening weekly usage limits. See [GitHub Copilot usage limits](https://docs.github.com/copilot/concepts/usage-limits).

Reviewer: > new sign-ups for Copilot Pro, Copilot Pro+, and student plans are temporarily paused.

I believe this will still be in place until June 15

Author: @copilot keep this note in-place, also in other articles

Author: @copilot don't include the end date, so keep the original note as-is
